you do not want to know what happens in
sports world now the news of the
now wants information about the
your city
Now for you, the understanding has to
to be now
then go here now to mt.com.br
infringement of the immediate
the news does not generate credibility quickly
and the best online journalism team of
south region of mato grosso
now you have informed mt.com.br
Good, we were called, we arrived.
here the victim was already in
according to the residents of that
held up a bit was still screaming
for help but we got here
she was already dead
now we called the truck winch
to the location
it will move away from the path to
front is carried out
vehicle of the victim
according to the staff was here when
arrived told that he was still alive
sustained a little still crying out for help
just hold closer to him outside the
Only water I still can not resist and died
now you have informed mt.com.br